# Query: `subscriptionBillingAttempt`

**Returns:** `SubscriptionBillingAttempt`

Returns a `SubscriptionBillingAttempt` resource by ID.

## Arguments

- **`id`**: `ID!` — The ID of the `SubscriptionBillingAttempt` to return.

## Return Type Fields

- `completedAt`: `DateTime` — The date and time when the billing attempt was completed.
- `createdAt`: `DateTime!` — The date and time when the billing attempt was created.
- `id`: `ID!` — A globally-unique ID.
- `idempotencyKey`: `String!` — A unique key generated by the client to avoid duplicate payments.
- `originTime`: `DateTime` — The date and time used to calculate fulfillment intervals for a billing attempt that
- `paymentGroupId`: `String` — The reference shared between retried payment attempts.
- `paymentSessionId`: `String` — The reference shared between payment attempts with similar payment details.
- `respectInventoryPolicy`: `Boolean!` — Whether the billing attempt respects the merchant's inventory policy.
- `subscriptionContract`: `SubscriptionContract!` — The subscription contract.
- `transactions`: `OrderTransactionConnection!` — The transactions created by the billing attempt.

## Related Types

- [Order](../types/objects/Order.md)
- [SubscriptionBillingAttempt](../types/objects/SubscriptionBillingAttempt.md)
- [SubscriptionBillingAttemptErrorCode](../types/enums/SubscriptionBillingAttemptErrorCode.md)
- [SubscriptionBillingAttemptProcessingError](../types/interfaces/SubscriptionBillingAttemptProcessingError.md)
- [SubscriptionContract](../types/objects/SubscriptionContract.md)

## Example Query

```graphql
query SubscriptionBillingAttempt($id: ID!) {
  subscriptionBillingAttempt(id: $id) {
    completedAt
    createdAt
    idempotencyKey
    originTime
  }
}
```
