# Input Object: `OrderCreateOrderInput`

The input fields for creating an order.

## Input Fields

- `billingAddress`: `MailingAddressInput` — The mailing address associated with the payment method. This address is an optional field that won't be
- `buyerAcceptsMarketing`: `Boolean` = `null` — Whether the customer consented to receive email updates from the shop.
- `closedAt`: `DateTime` — The date and time ([ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format) when the order was closed. Returns null if the order isn't closed.
- `companyLocationId`: `ID` — The ID of the purchasing company's location for the order.
- `currency`: `CurrencyCode` — The shop-facing currency for the order. If not specified, then the shop's default currency is used.
- `customAttributes`: `[OrderCreateCustomAttributeInput!]` — A list of extra information that's added to the order. Appears in the **Additional details** section of an order details page.
- `customer`: `OrderCreateCustomerInput` — The customer to associate to the order.
- `discountCode`: `OrderCreateDiscountCodeInput` — A discount code applied to the order.
- `email`: `String` — A new customer email address for the order.
- `financialStatus`: `OrderCreateFinancialStatus` — The financial status of the order. If not specified, then this will be derived through the given transactions. Note that it's possible to specify a status that doesn't match the given transactions and it will persist, but if an operation later occurs on the order, the status may then be recalculated to match the current state of transactions.
- `fulfillment`: `OrderCreateFulfillmentInput` — The fulfillment to create for the order. This will apply to all line items.
- `fulfillmentStatus`: `OrderCreateFulfillmentStatus` — The fulfillment status of the order. Will default to `unfulfilled` if not included.
- `lineItems`: `[OrderCreateLineItemInput!]` — The line items to create for the order.
- `metafields`: `[MetafieldInput!]` — A list of metafields to add to the order.
- `name`: `String` — The order name, generated by combining the `order_number` property with the order prefix and suffix that are set in the merchant's [general settings](https://www.shopify.com/admin/settings/general). This is different from the `id` property, which is the ID of the order used by the API. This field can also be set by the API to be any string value.
- `note`: `String` — The new contents for the note associated with the order.
- `phone`: `String` — A new customer phone number for the order.
- `poNumber`: `String` — The purchase order number associated to this order.
- `presentmentCurrency`: `CurrencyCode` — The presentment currency that was used to display prices to the customer. This must be specified if any presentment currencies are used in the order.
- `processedAt`: `DateTime` — The date and time ([ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format) when an order was processed. This value is the date that appears on your orders and that's used in the analytic reports. If you're importing orders from an app or another platform, then you can set processed_at to a date and time in the past to match when the original order was created.
- `referringSite`: `URL` — The website where the customer clicked a link to the shop.
- `shippingAddress`: `MailingAddressInput` — The mailing address to where the order will be shipped.
- `shippingLines`: `[OrderCreateShippingLineInput!]` — An array of objects, each of which details a shipping method used.
- `sourceIdentifier`: `String` — The ID of the order placed on the originating platform. This value doesn't correspond to the Shopify ID that's generated from a completed draft.
- `sourceName`: `String` — The source of the checkout. To use this field for sales attribution, you must register the channels that your app is managing. You can register the channels that your app is managing by completing [this Google Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScmVTZRQNjOJ7RD738mL1lGeFjqKVe_FM2tO9xsm21QEo5Ozg/viewform?usp=sf_link). After you've submited your request, you need to wait for your request to be processed by Shopify. You can find a list of your channels in the Partner Dashboard, in your app's Marketplace extension. You can specify a handle as the source_name value in your request.
- `sourceUrl`: `URL` — A valid URL to the original order on the originating surface. This URL is displayed to merchants on the Order Details page. If the URL is invalid, then it won't be displayed.
- `tags`: `[String!]` — A comma separated list of tags that have been added to the draft order.
- `taxesIncluded`: `Boolean` = `false` — Whether taxes are included in the order subtotal.
- `taxLines`: `[OrderCreateTaxLineInput!]` — An array of tax line objects, each of which details a tax applicable to the order. When creating an order through the API, tax lines can be specified on the order or the line items but not both. Tax lines specified on the order are split across the _taxable_ line items in the created order.
- `test`: `Boolean` = `false` — Whether this is a test order.
- `transactions`: `[OrderCreateOrderTransactionInput!]` — The payment transactions to create for the order.
- `userId`: `ID` — The ID of the user logged into Shopify POS who processed the order, if applicable.

## Related Types

- [CurrencyCode](../../types/enums/CurrencyCode.md)
- [MailingAddressInput](../../types/inputs/MailingAddressInput.md)
- [MetafieldInput](../../types/inputs/MetafieldInput.md)
- [OrderCreateCustomAttributeInput](../../types/inputs/OrderCreateCustomAttributeInput.md)
- [OrderCreateCustomerInput](../../types/inputs/OrderCreateCustomerInput.md)
- [OrderCreateDiscountCodeInput](../../types/inputs/OrderCreateDiscountCodeInput.md)
- [OrderCreateFinancialStatus](../../types/enums/OrderCreateFinancialStatus.md)
- [OrderCreateFulfillmentInput](../../types/inputs/OrderCreateFulfillmentInput.md)
- [OrderCreateFulfillmentStatus](../../types/enums/OrderCreateFulfillmentStatus.md)
- [OrderCreateLineItemInput](../../types/inputs/OrderCreateLineItemInput.md)
- [OrderCreateOrderTransactionInput](../../types/inputs/OrderCreateOrderTransactionInput.md)
- [OrderCreateShippingLineInput](../../types/inputs/OrderCreateShippingLineInput.md)
- [OrderCreateTaxLineInput](../../types/inputs/OrderCreateTaxLineInput.md)
